eeprom: Describe SD_OVERCURRENT_CHECK override property (#4177)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/raspberry-pi/eeprom-bootloader.adoc

Default: `0`

[[SD_OVERCURRENT_CHECK]]
==== `SD_OVERCURRENT_CHECK`

> Before booting, the bootloader checks the SD power switch overcurrent signal. The overcurrent signal occurs if the SD card is damaged and has a short circuit which will cause it to get hot.

Reviewer: Is this for all Pis, or only for certain models of Pi?

Author: All Pis with a bootloader EEPROM so no need to specify a subset here

Author: Actually scrap that. I forgot that CMs and Pi400 can't do this.

> If an over-current condition is detected, the bootloader switches off power to the SD card and waits five seconds before probing the SD card again. This error is displayed on the diagnostic screen, the UART and the activity LED (1 long, 2 short flashes).

Reviewer: Does it retry just once, or does it continually retry every 5 seconds?

> The check can be switched to a non-blocking warning by setting `SD_OVERCURRENT_CHECK=0` in the bootloader config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error can be downgraded to a non-blocking warning by setting `SD_OVERCURRENT_CHECK=0` in the bootloader config.
```
?
